---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/published/28-07-2024-thoughts-after-kaos-magi/","noteIcon":"","visibility":"public","description":"random side note, but in a way it feels worth mentioning. My current obsession with making music (algorithmically) of course connects to my musician background ","updated":"2025-10-15T21:01:33.999Z","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---
This is a random side note, but in a way it feels worth mentioning. My current obsession with making music (algorithmically) obviously connects to my music background (orchestra + French Horn) but also is a way of expressing lots of feeling (in combination with visuals also). I believe that this is, in a way a sense world-building - I want to channel some of this joy and obsession into the 'art' ([[my-practice]]) of the PhD. I don't want the research of it to strangle the fun, play and exploration. 

This is a random side note, but in a way it feels worth mentioning. My current obsession with making music (algorithmically) obviously connects to my music background (orchestra + French Horn) but also is a way of expressing lots of feeling (in combination with visuals also). I believe that this is, in a way a sense world-building - I want to channel some of this joy and obsession into the 'art' ([[published/my-practice\|my-practice]]) of the PhD. I don't want the research of it to strangle the fun, play and exploration. 

random side note, but in a way it feels worth mentioning. My current obsession with making music (algorithmically) of course connects to my musician background but also is a way of expressing lots of feeling (with visuals as well), in a way it is in a sense world-building. I want to channel some of this joy and obsession into the 'art' ([[published/my-practice\|my-practice]]) of the PhD. I don't want the research of it to strangle the fun, play and exploration. 

[^1][[published/what-is-technically-possible-with-AI-now-and-in-the- future\|what-is-technically-possible-with-AI-now-and-in-the- future]] 
